- 英语：
	- 单词：（20）
		- constitution
		- category
		- contemporary
		- elementary
		- hemisphere
		- harbour
		- conscience
		- considerably
		- instruct
		- vain
		- prominent
		- disguise
		- desirable
		- injure
		- mutual
		- disregard
		- democracy
		- flatter
		- consultant
		- impartial
	- 对话练习：
		- what's really good?
		  DanToday at 7:32 AM
		- yes
		  youToday at 7:33 AM
		  I am in a very good mood!
		  DanToday at 7:33 AM
		- and have a healthy constitution.
		  youToday at 7:37 AM
		  I think that's important to me!
		  DanToday at 7:37 AM
		- I will instruct you how to own a healthy constitution.
		  youToday at 7:41 AM
		  I would love that!
		  DanToday at 7:41 AM
		- we must take exercise everyday. It will not be vain.
		  youToday at 7:48 AM
		  I'm agreeable to that!
		  DanToday at 7:48 AM
		- we can't disregard out constitution.
		  youToday at 8:01 AM
		  I fully agree with this statement.
		  DanToday at 8:01 AM
		- we can't disregard our constitution.
		  youToday at 8:01 AM
		  I wholeheartedly agree with you.
		  DanToday at 8:02 AM
		- do you like democracy and justice?
		  youToday at 8:02 AM
		  I like the freedom of it
		  DanToday at 8:02 AM
		- Do you?
		  DanToday at 8:02 AM
		- yes, I like it
		  youToday at 8:03 AM
		  I feel the same. There is something liberating about it.
		  DanToday at 8:03 AM
		- the clothes you dress flatter your figure.
		  youToday at 8:08 AM
		  Hmm... I like it. Thank you for opening a new era of clothes for my wardrobe.
		  DanToday at 8:08 AM
		- you look like my consultant.
		  youToday at 8:12 AM
		  Aha! Maybe that's it! Thank you so much. I'm very flattered.
		  DanToday at 8:12 AM
		- I will not disguise myself
		  youToday at 8:31 AM
		  Am I going to like the way I look?
		  DanToday at 8:31 AM
		- I think you will
		  youToday at 8:44 AM
		  I am definitely pleased.
	- 2010text3:
		- For a social epidemic to occur, howere, each person so affected must then influence his or her own acquaintances, who must in turn influence theirs, and so on;
		- and just how many others pay attention to each of thesr people has little to do with the initial influential.