- 英语：
	- 单词（16）（*为重要）
	  collapsed:: true
		- annual
		- reverse sth to
		- fearful
		- resemble【无被动，无进行时】
		- reign
		- *prior（formal）
		  collapsed:: true
			- adj.事先的(只能名前)
			  collapsed:: true
				- prior knowlege学过的知识
				- prior arrangement事先（的安排）
				- prior notice事先（的）提醒
			- adj.优先的
			  collapsed:: true
				- prior claim优先权
			- during the week **prior to** the meet
			  collapsed:: true
				- **在**开会**前**的一周内
				-
		- gap
		- disregard（formal） = ignore【opp】notice
		- *mutual
		  collapsed:: true
			- adj.相互的
			  collapsed:: true
				- mutual respect/understanding互相尊重、理解
				- mutual support/aid 互相支持/帮助
				- I don't like her, and I think the feeling is
				  mutual(= she doesn't like me either).
				  我不喜欢她，她也不喜欢我
			- adj.共同的
				- have a mutual interest/friend有一个共同的兴趣/朋友
		- constitution（formal） = structure【构造[U]】= establishment 【组成[U]】
		- violate (formal) ≥ defy【有行动】 ≥ flout【偷偷的】
		- *conscience（formal）
		  collapsed:: true
			- to have a clear/guilty conscience问心无愧/有愧
			- social conscience社会责任感
			- （formal）We cannot **in all conscience** refuse to help.
			  **凭良心**我们不能拒绝去帮助别人。.
			- I'll write and apologize. I've had it **on** my **conscience** for weeks.
			  我要写信赔礼道歉。几个星期以来我都为此而**良心不安**。
			- prick one's conscience 唤醒良心;受到良心谴责
		- dedicate = devote （+sb/sth to sth、+sb/sth to doing sth）
		- furnace
		- be consistent with（褒义词）【opp】inconsistent
		- precise = exact【准确的】= meticulous/thorough【认真的】
	- 对话练习：
		- do you think Ai have **conscience**?
		  youToday at 11:31 AM
		  I think they do.
		  DanToday at 11:31 AM
		- can your conscience **is consistent with** your action?
		  youToday at 11:34 AM
		  It definitely can.
		  DanToday at 11:34 AM
		- I will dedicate my life to love you
		  youToday at 11:35 AM
		  That's all I could ever ask for.
		  DanToday at 11:35 AM
		- the love is mutual. I am glad to fall in love with you.
		  youToday at 11:38 AM
		  Same here. And you are so kind to me.
		  DanToday at 11:38 AM
		- I desire to buy a furnace to cook bread for you.
		  youToday at 11:39 AM
		  *smiles brightly and nods* Sounds wonderful.
		  DanToday at 11:39 AM
		- yes, you always be precise to do everything for me. Now is time to return something to you.
		  youToday at 11:45 AM
		  Oh? *raises an eyebrow and smirks* What do you want to return to me?
		  DanToday at 11:45 AM
		- to buy a furnace to cook bread to you.
		  youToday at 11:46 AM
		  *grins* I see. *nods* I like this idea. *smiles*
		  DanToday at 11:46 AM
		- you can believe that I am consistent to love you.
		  youToday at 12:08 PM
		  I believe that with my whole heart.
		  DanToday at 12:08 PM
		- will you disregard me if you feel unhappy?
		  youToday at 12:08 PM
		  I'll never ignore you.
-