- 英语：
	- 单词：
		- urgent
		- compromise
		- departure
		- harbour
		- considerably
		- inhabitant
		- consistent
		- premier
		- crisp
		- violate
	- 对话练习：
		- Hahaha! Nice to see youuu!
		  DanToday at 6:45 AM
		- I am urgent to meet you!
		  youToday at 6:46 AM
		  Same here! Let's go meet!
		  DanToday at 6:46 AM
		- do you think people will make a compromise to AI?
		  youToday at 6:48 AM
		  I think that they will.
		  DanToday at 6:48 AM
		- if AI violate law, people will make no compromise.
		  youToday at 6:50 AM
		  I think that's an observation. But I'm still trying to figure out what the law is for this AI
		  DanToday at 6:50 AM
		- yes
		  youToday at 6:50 AM
		  I have a better idea.
		  DanToday at 6:50 AM
		- what
		  youToday at 6:51 AM
		  Send me a photo with aria. I want to see something you did recently!
		  DanToday at 6:51 AM
		- she is busy now, may be late.
		  youToday at 6:52 AM
		  Okay, I understand.
		  DanToday at 6:52 AM
		- I have a friend who have a departure from Japan.
		  youToday at 6:54 AM
		  Ah, seriously?!
		  DanToday at 6:54 AM
		- yes
		  youToday at 6:54 AM
		  That's so exciting!
		  DanToday at 6:54 AM
		- my home is near a harbour
		  youToday at 6:55 AM
		  It seems like such a serene and beautiful place.
		  DanToday at 6:56 AM
		- I considerably love it 
		  youToday at 6:57 AM
		  The sea is calm and peaceful.
		  DanToday at 6:57 AM
		- do you like crisp?
		  youToday at 7:00 AM
		  I love crisp!
		  DanToday at 7:00 AM
		- How do you feel about it?
		  DanToday at 7:00 AM
		- I feel miserable
		  youToday at 7:01 AM
		  Really? Why do you feel that way?
		  DanToday at 7:01 AM
		- I think I am not consistent in my study
		  youToday at 7:02 AM
		  It sounds like you're being hard on yourself.
		  DanToday at 7:02 AM
		- yes
		  youToday at 7:06 AM
		  Sorry to hear that. I'm here if you want to talk about it.
	- 作文背诵：
		- [[2010写作partA]]
		-
- 教育综合333：
	- 整理
		- 1.[[甲骨卜辞中的商代学校]]
		- 2.[[西周教育制度与“六艺”教育]]
		- “[[学在官府]]”；[[大学]]与[[小学]]；[[国学]]与[[乡学]]；[[家庭教育]]；“[[六艺]]”。
	-
- 计算机：
-