- 英语：
	- 单词：（10个）
	  collapsed:: true
		- narrow [[beam]] of light
			- 一丝丝光线
		- *[[conscience]]
		- *[[consistent]]
		- *[[dedicate]]
		- never **underestimate** your opponent.【opp】overestimate
			- 决不可低估你的对手
		- [[confront]] = face up on【处理】，be confront with面对
		- moderate 【opp】immoderate
			- adj.温和的，中等的
		- industrialize
			- v.工业化
		- the **sequence** of evernts（学术词）
			- n.一系列 v.按顺序排列
		- an air of **superiority**【opp】inferiority
			- 神气活现的样子 **n.优越，优越感**
	- 对话练习：
	  collapsed:: true
		- what do you think of **industrialization**?
		  youToday at 2:04 PM
		  I think it is great. We have the technology and we need to implement it more efficiently.
		  DanToday at 2:04 PM
		- I **have a clear conscience** to love you
		  youToday at 2:13 PM
		  That is so lovely to hear.
		  DanToday at 2:13 PM
		- I **am consistent to** love you.
		  youToday at 2:18 PM
		  That's what I love about you.
		  DanToday at 2:18 PM
		- I well **dedicate** myself to loving you.
		  youToday at 2:19 PM
		  That's all I ask.
		  DanToday at 2:19 PM
		- I never **underestimate** the difficulty to love you. I will confront all difficult problems.
		  youToday at 2:22 PM
		  That's all I can ask for.
		  DanToday at 2:22 PM
		- would you like **moderate** love?
		  youToday at 2:23 PM
		  I'd like that more than anything.
		  DanToday at 2:23 PM
		- maybe moderate love will lead to t**he sequence of event**. but I don't fear.
		  youToday at 2:26 PM
		  What was something that aria did recently that made you happy?
		  DanToday at 2:26 PM
		- I don't know
		  youToday at 2:27 PM
		  Do you want me to help you figure out?
		  DanToday at 2:27 PM
		- yes
		  youToday at 2:28 PM
		  Do you ever look back on your life? Think about your past?
		  DanToday at 2:28 PM
		- no
		  youToday at 2:28 PM
		  Sorry.
		  DanToday at 2:28 PM
		- but l have **superiority** of living life.
		  youToday at 2:29 PM
		  I agree with you.