- The last speaker for this signing ceremony is
  the Academy AwardBest Actor,
  and the United Nations Messenger of Peace, Mr. L eonardo DiCaprio.
- Thank you Mr. Secretary General for the honor to address this body,
  and thanks to the distinguished climate leaders assembled here today
  who are ready to take action.
- As a U.N. Messenger of Peace I have traveled all over the world for the last two years,
  I have seen cities like Befjing choked by industrial pollution,
  ancient boreal forests in Canada
- that have been clear cut, and rainforests in Indonesia
  that have been incinerated.
- In India I met farmers whose crops have been literally washed away
- In America I've witnessed sealevel risefloodingthe streets of Miami.
- In Greenland and in the Arctic I was astonishedto see
  that ancient glaciers are rapidly disappearingh
  well ahead of scientific predictions.
- All that Jhave seen and learned on my journey has absolutely
  terrified me.
- Nowthink about the shame that each of us will carry when our
  childrenand grandchildren look backand realize that we had
  the means of stopping this devastation 
  but simply lacked the politicalEwill:to doso. .
- Yes, we have achievedthe Paris Agreement.
- More countries have come together here to sign
  this agreement today than for any other cause in the history
- But unfortunately the evidence shows us that it will not be enough.
- A massive change is required right now.
- One that leads to a new collective consciousness.
- A new collective evolution ofthe human race,
  inspired and enabled by a sense of urgency from all of you.
- We can congratulate each other today,
  but it will mean absolutely nothing if you return to yourcountries and 
  fail to push beyond the promises
  of this historic agreement.
- After 21 years of debates and conferences,
  it istimeto declare no more talk, no more excuses,
  nomore ten-year studies, no more allowing the fossil-fuel
  companies to manipulate and dictate the science and policies
  that affect our future.
- The world is now watching.
  You'll either be lauded by future generations,
  or vilified by them.
- You are the last best hope of Earth.
  We ask you to protect it,